TERMS AND CONDITIONS
This AGREEMENT is made this
_____ day of_____________
Between
_______________________________________(Name of Client)
of_____________________________________________________
(Address of Client)
(hereinafter referred to as the “Client” or “You” which expression
shall wherever the context admits include its legal
representatives/successors-in- title and permitted assigns) of
the rst part.
And
Alpha10 Fund Management Limited, a company duly
incorporated under the Companies and Allied Matters Act
1990 and having its registered ofce at 13 Mambolo Street,
Zone 2, Wuse, Abuja (hereinafter referred to as the
“Fund/Portfolio Manager” or “Alpha10” or “Firm” which
expression shall wherever the context so admits include its
successors- in-title and permitted assigns) of the second part.
WHEREAS:
1. Alpha10 is a registered Fund/Portfolio Manager duly
licensed by the Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC).
2. The Client hereby appoints the Fund/Portfolio
Manager to provide fund management services, and
the Fund/Portfolio Manager has agreed to render the
services and manage the Client's investments in
accordance with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) rules.
3. The Parties have decided to enter into this Agreement
for the purpose of setting out the terms and conditions
which will govern the relationship.
Please review this Client Services Agreement (“Agreement”)
carefully as it sets forth the understanding between you and
Alpha10 regarding the services the Firm will provide you.
These terms and conditions “Terms” shall be effective from
the date that you accept these terms or the date we
commenced business with you, whichever is earlier. The
Terms are legally binding and (subject to amendments,
clients will be notied of such changes) will apply on the basis
of our relationship with you.
We may provide certain services to you or receive
instructions from you by means of electronic links or systems
and where this is the case, the provision of such services will
be subject to the terms of any agreement(s) and
disclaimer(s) set out on such electronic links or systems or
otherwise notied to you.
Without limiting the circumstances in which such
agreement(s) and disclaimer(s) are binding on you, they are
made binding on you by these Terms. These Terms will also
supplement such agreement(s) and disclosure(s) (to the
extent that they do not conict with such agreement(s) or
disclaimer(s).
These Terms together with any other agreement, notice,
disclaimers, disclosure or other special terms and conditions,
shall together constitute the terms of business which shall
govern the provision by us to you of any regulated or ancillary
activity.
1. Authority
The Client hereby appoints Alpha10 to be the Client's
Fund/Portfolio Manager and provide
Discretionary Fund Management Services
or
Non-discretionary Fund Management Services
(Tick Box)
as to the investment account(s) established by Client and
managed by Alpha10.
2. Investment Services
2.1. Discretionary Investment Services
Alpha10 provides investment services targeted at Qualied
Institutional Investors, High-Net- Worth Individuals, and Retail
Investors. These services include, without limitation, the
management and execution of strategies within Alpha10's
product offerings.
Alpha10 agrees to work with Client or its designated
representative to develop appropriate goals, objectives, risk
tolerance, and standards for its Products/Services.
The Client acknowledges and agrees to take responsibility
for ensuring that the investment objectives and directives
given to Alpha10 are in accordance with applicable law.
The Client represents that all information given to Alpha10 is
accurate and complete, and agrees that Alpha10 may
rely on such information in performing its fund
management duties hereunder.
Client acknowledges and agrees to promptly advise
Alpha10 of any changes to Client's investment goals or
objectives.
2.2. Duties of the Fund/Portfolio Manager
Alpha10 shall have full discretionary authority (except for
Non-discretionary services) over the assets under
management. The Fund/Portfolio Manager's duties shall
include:
a. Select, acquire, hold, and dispose of investments in
accordance with the agreed investment strategy.
b. Act in good faith and in the best interests of the Client,
exercising care, diligence, and skill.
c. Continuously monitor the product performance and
make adjustments as necessary to reect changing
market conditions, or economic developments.
Provide periodic performance reports to regulatory
authorities and the Client.
e. Ensure that all investment activity complies with
a p p l i c a b l e l a w s , r e g u l a t i o n s , a n d i n t e r n a l r i s k
management policies.
2.3. Duties of the Client
The Client agrees to fulll the following responsibilities to
enable Alpha10 effectively carry out its mandate:
a. Provide timely, complete, and accurate information
concerning the Client's nancial situation, investment
objectives, risk tolerance, liquidity needs, and any material
changes thereto.
b. Inform the Fund/Portfolio Manager in writing of any
investment restrictions, prohibited securities or sectors, tax
considerations, or other constraints.
c. Pay fees and any related expenses in accordance with
the terms outlined in the agreement.
d. The Client remains solely responsible for all tax
obligations arising from investments made on their behalf.
3. Operation of the Investment Account
3. 1. Authority to operate
You warrant that you have the necessary authority to open
and operate the investment account.
Alpha10 shall be entitled to rely on, and act in accordance
with, instructions received from any person authorized or
purportedly authorized to access or use the investment
account by virtue of any authority, resolution, mandate or
power of attorney ("authority") provided by you or your
nominee to Alpha10. You can however cancel such
authority in writing, but Alpha10 must have
acknowledged such cancellation before it will take effect.
3.2. Guardian or Legal Representative Consent (if
applicable)
Where a minor is represented by a parent, guardian,
trustee, or legal representative (“Representative”), the
following terms apply:
a. The Representative warrants that they have the full legal
authority to act on behalf of the minor/ward, including
authority to enter into this agreement on behalf of the
minor.
b. The Representative agrees to provide all relevant legal
documentation evidencing such authority, as applicable.
c. The Representative must inform the Fund/Portfolio
Manager in writing of any change in the legal status,
capacity, or authority related to the minor without delay.
d. Unless otherwise required by law or revoked in writing by
a party with proper authority, this agreement remains in full
effect, and Alpha10 shall continue to act on instructions,
assuming the authority of the Representative remains valid.
3.3. Instructions
You agree that instructions must be received by Alpha10
before 1pm on any business day in order for a transaction
to be processed on the same day. Instructions received
after 1pm will be treated the next business day.
Instructions received on a weekend or public holiday will
be taken as received on the following business day and
treated accordingly.
You are responsible for ensuring that Alpha10 is in receipt of
any instruction and that instructions are clear and
intelligible. Except to the extent that Alpha10 acted with
gross negligence or with fraudulent intent, Alpha10 will not
be liable for your failure to comply with this clause.
You agree that Alpha10 shall be entitled, but is not obliged,
in its discretion, to conrm or authenticate any instruction
which is not given online prior to effecting any transaction.
Alpha10 shall not be liable for any delay in giving effect to
any instruction as a result of exercising its right to conrm or
authenticate an instruction, provided that Alpha10 did not
act with gross negligence or fraudulently.
3.4. Payments
Alpha10 will not effect any payments from the investment
account other than to your designated bank account(s)
as specied on the application form, or otherwise as
notied to Alpha10 in writing and signed by you. Provided
that Alpha10 did not act with gross negligence or
fraudulently, Alpha10 shall not be liable should it refuse to
effect a payment otherwise than in accordance with this
clause.
You warrant that the designated bank account(s) details
supplied to Alpha10 from time to time are true and correct.
You acknowledge that transaction processing may take
up to 72 working hours.
Alpha10 is not liable, nor is it obliged, to verify or
authenticate any bank account details supplied by you or
your duly authorized signatory(ies). Except to the extent
that Alpha10 acted with gross negligence or fraudulently.
You indemnify and hold Alpha10 harmless against any loss,
damage, expense or claim which you or Alpha10 may
sustain or incur as a result of payment(s) made in
circumstances where the bank account details are not
correct.
4. Third Party Indemnity
Notwithstanding anything contained in these terms and
conditions, Alpha10 may in its sole discretion permit
payment to a third party, subject to you waiving any claim
you may have or acquire against Alpha10 as a result. In
consideration of Alpha10 honoring your request and
instruction to effect payment from your investment
account to a third party designated by you, you hereby
undertake to indemnify Alpha10 and hold it harmless from
and against all cost (including without limitation legal fees
and expenses, losses, liabilities, claims, damages and
proceedings) whatsoever that Alpha10 may suffer or incur
or that may arise as a result of such third party payment.
5. Statements
Alpha10 shall provide periodic statements to you, which
will, amongst others:
a. show all transactions relating to the investment
account; and
b. show all interest/prot credited, and charges debited,
to the investment account.
You undertake to monitor and verify the correctness of
your investment account details on a regular basis and to
i n f o r m A l p h a 1 0 i m m e d i a t e l y o f a n y e r r o r s o r
inconsistencies in the details or arising from the details.
Unless you notify Alpha10 of any error or inconsistency on
any statement issued in respect of the investment account
within 60 days of the date of issue of the statement, such
statement shall be deemed to be an accurate and
correct record of your activity on the investment account.
Any record of deposit to the investment account is subject
to verication by Alpha10 and should there be a
discrepancy between your records and Alpha10's
records, Alpha10 shall constitute sufcient proof of the
correctness of Alpha10's contentions and the onus shall be
on you to prove otherwise.
6. Personal Information
You acknowledge and expressly consent that Alpha10
may:
a. verify information provided by you to Alpha10 in this
application or in any other documentation and generally
make whatever enquiries it deems necessary from any
source whatsoever;
b. process your personal information to conclude the
agreement and for purposes of maintaining the
investment account, providing services to you and
complying with your instructions;
c. disclose your personal information contained in the
application form, and any other documentation in
relation to any of your investment accounts to other
entities within Alpha10, if you have applied for further
accounts, products or services at any other entity within
Alpha10 in order for such entities to assess and monitor
your application and in order to comply with "know your
customer" legislation in that jurisdiction;
d. process and disclose your personal information for
purposes of the prevention, detection and reporting of
fraud and criminal activities, the identication of the
proceeds of unlawful activities and the combating of
money laundering activities;
e. process the report on your personal information to
comply with an obligation imposed by applicable laws on
Alpha10.
I accept the Terms & Conditions above
(Tick Box)
Account Holder’s Signature: Date: Account Holder’s Signature: Date:
You have the right to access your personal information held
by Alpha10. Alpha10 shall grant you such access within a
reasonable time after receiving a written request for access.
7. Interest/Prot Payment
Interest/Prot on investment shall be paid upfront,
periodically, or with the investment principal at maturity, in
line with Product selection or as agreed with the Client.
8. Liquidation Notice
Liquidation instructions would be processed within 24 hours
of receipt.
9. Charges Payable
a. Premature liquidation of investment is allowed, subject to
application of a penalty of 25% or 35% of accrued
interest/prot on the total investment amount, depending
on the Product/Service.
b. Penalty on upfront interest/prot already paid will be
deducted from the principal before payment, where
outstanding accrued interest/prot is not sufcient to offset
the total penal charge.
10. Rollover Instruction
a. Upon maturity of investment, in the absence of any
instructions to the contrary from you, principal plus accrued
interest/prot will be rolled over at the prevailing market rate
and for your last advised tenor. Please note that prevailing
market rate may differ from your last contracted
interest/prot rate.
b. Any adjustment to the automatic rollover will be subjected
to our investment terms and conditions and to preliquidation
charge where applicable.
11. With-holding Tax (WHT) Deduction
All interest/prot earned is subject to a regulatory 10%
withholding tax (WHT) deduction, where applicable.
WHT on penal interests/prots already paid will not be
refunded.
12. Dealing & Advice
You may instruct us in writing (including electronically), to
dispose of or acquire any nancial product (which request
we shall not be obliged to acknowledge or accept). Subject
to these terms and the relevant Alpha10 best execution
arrangements (if any), we shall use all reasonable endeavors
to carry out your request but shall be under no liability for any
loss or expense you incur by reason of any delay or any
change in market conditions before the transaction is
effected.
We may give you general advice orally or in writing
(including electronically).
We give no representation, warranty or guarantee as to its
accuracy or completeness, as to any tax consequences or
as to its suitability for you or persons in your nancial position
or with your nancial goals. Furthermore, you acknowledge
that the information or general advice provided to other
clients may be different from information or general advice
given to you due to individual analysis of fundamental and
technical factors by different personnel and that such
information may not be consistent with any proprietary
investments of Alpha10 or of our Associates, Directors,
Employees or Agents.
13. Fund/Portfolio Manager Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by the law, and
notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the
Fund/Portfolio Manager is prohibited from disclaiming
responsibility for losses of investments due to breach of the
terms of this agreement, fraud, bad faith, gross negligence or
willful default arising from its acts or omission or those of its
agents appointed by it in the course of performing its services
to the Client.
The Client shall indemnify and hold harmless the
Fund/Portfolio Manager from and against any and all claims,
liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses, that are
incurred by the Fund/Portfolio Manager in the course of
carrying out its responsibilities hereunder, provided that it
shall be entitled to indemnication hereunder only if it acted
in good faith and in a manner reasonably believed to be in
the best interests of the Client.
14. Email Indemnity
While Alpha10 may take internal measures to verify
electronic communications, you hereby request and
authorize Alpha10 as well as any of its afliates or subsidiaries
to accept and act upon any instructions, communications
and documents you send electronically by e-mail and
letters issued according to your mandate.
You agree that your e- statement can be sent at your risk to
the correspondence address/email that you have
provided.
You also authorize Alpha10 to honor redemption requests
and instruction sent by electronic mail in respect of your
investment with Alpha10.
You hereby irrevocably undertake to indemnify Alpha10
and hold it harmless from and against all cost (including
without limitation legal fees and expenses, losses, liabilities,
claims, damages and proceedings) whatsoever that
Alpha10 may suffer or incur or that may arise as a result of
Alpha10's accepting or acting upon such electronic
instructions or communication. Furthermore, you hereby
irrevocably release Alpha10 from all liability in the event that
any email or letter is not received, or incomplete,
unauthorized, or delayed for any reason.
In the event that you suffer any loss as a result of our honoring
such e-mail instruction, etc., you shall have no claim or
redress against us, whatsoever.
14.1. You acknowledge and agree that
a. It is at the discretion of Alpha10 to use available resources
to verify the authenticity of all instructions received
electronically which is not limited to the information in the
account opening/update forms.
b. Alpha10 may, notwithstanding this release and
indemnity, require that any instruction given by you be given
in accordance with the signing arrangements of the
account(s), and Alpha10 may at its sole discretion request
written or any other form of conrmation of any instruction.
c. Alpha10 will not be liable for any loss (consequential or
otherwise) incurred by you as a result of Alpha10 acting or
declining to act (wholly or in part) on instructions which
Alpha10 believes to have been given in conformity with the
above, whether or not such instructions have been so given.
The fact that any instruction may later be shown to be in any
way false, incomplete, inaccurate, delayed, erroneous,
unauthorized or otherwise not authentic, should not be an
impediment to the rights of Alpha10 hereunder.
d. Alpha10 may at any time on written notice sent to you
withdraw from these arrangements regarding accepting
instructions.
e. This email indemnity remains an obligation to you and is
subject to changes notied by Alpha10 from time to time.
15. Force Majeure
In the event of any failure, interruption or delay in
performance of our obligations resulting from acts, events or
circumstances not reasonably within our control, including
but not limited to industrial disputes, acts or regulations of
any governmental or authorities, or breakdown, failure or
malfunction of any telecommunications or computer
service, we shall not be liable or have any responsibility of
any kind for any loss or damage thereby incurred or suffered
by you.
16. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the Investments and Securities Act, 2025
(ISA) and the rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchanges Commission, 2013 (as amended).
In the event of any dispute, complaint, or grievance arising
between the Client and the Fund/Portfolio Manager in
connection with the services provided under this
Agreement, the parties shall endeavor to resolve such
matters amicably in the rst instance in accordance with
the Fund/Portfolio Manager Complaints Management
Policy. The Client shall submit a formal complaint to the
Fund/Portfolio Manager, detailing the nature of the
d i s p u t e a n d p r o v i d i n g a l l r e l e v a n t s u p p o r t i n g
documentation.
If the dispute remains unresolved, it shall be referred to the
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Nigeria for
further adjudication. The SEC may, at its discretion, call for
an All Parties Meeting to amicably resolve the dispute or
escalate the matter to its Administrative Proceedings
Committee (APC), which shall conduct a formal hearing in
accordance with the provisions of the Investments and
Securities Act (ISA) and SEC's Rules and Regulations. The
APC shall issue a decision based on the evidence
presented.
Any party aggrieved by the decision of the APC may
appeal to the Investment and Securities Tribunal (IST), a
specialized judicial body empowered to review and
adjudicate capital market disputes. The IST shall have the
authority to afrm, reverse, or modify the decision of the
APC in accordance with applicable laws and procedures.
OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Services
Alpha10 provides various nancial services including,
without limitation, trading and dealing in all kinds of
nancial products, investment advisory and investment
banking services and the arrangement of deals in relation
to all kinds of nancial products. We can also provide other
services if so agreed between both parties. Unless we
agree otherwise with you, we shall not be responsible for
managing or supervising the management of any of your
nancial products.
Set-Off
To the extent permissible in law, Alpha10 shall be entitled to
set off any amount which you owe to Alpha10 from
whatsoever cause, against any funds standing to the
credit of any of your accounts with Alpha10. Alpha10 will
inform you promptly after Alpha10 has effected set-off in
respect of any of your accounts.
KNOW-YOUR-CLIENT CHECKLIST (FOR OF FICIAL
USE)
Duly Completed Account Opening Form
Duly Completed Account Mandate
Copy of CAC Certicate of Incorporation/Business Name Registration
Signed & Sealed Board Resolution on company letterhead.
Copy of Memorandum and Article of Association (Certied true copies by the Registrar of Companies).
Status report or CAC2 and CO7 (Particulars of Directors and Allotment of Shares )
One (I) passport photograph of each signatory/executor to the account with names written behind.
Means of Identication for Directors/Signatories/Executives/Executors whose names appear on the account
opening form: (Valid International passport data page/Drivers' license/Permanent Voters' card/National
Identity card).
BVN and ID Cards of all Directors and UBOs (Ultimate Beneciary Owners).
Proof of Address for Directors/Signatories/Executives/Executors whose names appear in the
account opening form (Government issued utility bill for power/waste/water, etc).
Proof of Company Address (Government issued utility bill for power/water/waste, etc).
Evidence of Registration with Special Control Unit on Money Laundering (SCUML) (where applicable.
Completed Questionnaire (Foreign companies).
For foreign companies, all documents should be notarised in their country of residence.
Other document for Estate Accounts
Letter of Administration/Grant of Probate
Other document for Societies/Cooperatives/Associations etc.
Formal constitution/Bye-laws stating purpose and activities.